today we're going to be making our food
on noodles here we have some dried food
on it's a long flat Chinese noodle and
it cooks up really nicely in fact it
it's really nice and Hardy and holds
really well you can see I've got some
here already cooked you can hold this in
your refrigerator and it does really
well we're going to be making it today
with some oven-dried Tomatoes some red
onions kalamata olives and grilled
eggplant this is a really good
representation of our restaurant here
combining Chinese and Mediterranean
ingredients to kind of round out all
parallel 33 here so the way I'm going to
start is first with my noodles into some
hot water make sure my pan is on and
nice and hot start with a little canola
oil garlic and ginger I'll get that into
the pan then I'll add my onions tomatoes
eggplant and kalamata olives add a
little bit of salt it's important to
really let this get a nice sauté going
so that all the flavors get released
into the noodles and it really helps it
from not being quite so bland this point
I'm going to add my fresh spinach this
is a really good technique that you can
use for any time you're sautéing spinach
it's a really healthy and light way to
cook it I'll add it to the pan just let
it get a little bit warm and if I wasn't
using noodles i can use about a quarter
cup of water and it really wilts the
spinach really nicely and helps to
retain its flavor and its shape so here
we're just going to use the udon noodles
that I had get add them to the pan won't
saute them up a little bit I'm going to
let that spinach wilt just a little bit
I'll add a little bit of feta cheese
remember feta has a lot of salt in it so
you're really going to want to be
careful about how you're salting the
dish from the beginning the noodles
included a little bit of parsley this
dish is really fast and really simple
once you have all the ingredients set up
and ready to go take the noodles I like
to go noodles first to kind of create a
bed down there we give it a little twist
just so we can add a little bit of
height to the bowl it's important in the
restaurant but not so important if
you're cooking at home okay I like to
kind of move the vegetables around so
that the whole plate is covered with a
lot of these nice fresh vegetables
we'll add a little bit more feta cheese
and some parsley
there you have it this is parallel 33s
Mediterranean food on noodles